1. well the website works all good i am pretty happy with what i see, but i also do understand that this ui comes with its own sacrifices and generalization. i extracted the dashboards and the original reports, compared them using an ai, and there some things which are not been inclduded, i will directly share the response of the llm about its findings and suggestions, and you can work on fixing it and making the dashboard better for all use cases please.

Findings:
This is a common issue in GenAI dashboards: "The Smoothing Effect."When you ask an AI to "summarize" or "extract key points" for a dashboard, it tends to average out the outliers. It removes the spiky, specific, and "weird" details (which are often the most valuable) in favor of safe, generic categories like "High Traffic" or "Good Service."I have performed a forensic audit comparing your Raw Text Reports (DO1, DO2, DO3) against the Generated PDFs. Below is exactly what was lost, why it matters, and the Zod Schema Upgrade you need to fix it.1. The "Missing Data" Audit: What Did You Lose?The PDFs look clean, but they have stripped away the forensic evidence that a serious investor or operator needs.Case A: Sher Service Station (DO1)Data PointIn Raw Text (DO1.txt)In PDF DashboardWhy It Matters (The "So What?")Operational Contact"Sh. Bhim Singh (Sales Manager)" named in fire audit.MISSINGAccountability. Investors need a name to call, not just an "Owner." This proves who actually runs the floor.The "Why" of TrafficExplicitly mentions the "Stalled Janakpuri Flyover" project (700m stretch).Partial ("Stalled infrastructure")Predictive Power. "Traffic" is a condition; a "Stalled Flyover" is a future catalyst. If the flyover gets built, the station dies. The dashboard needs to flag this as a binary risk.Data Anomaly"Justdial (2,698 reviews) vs Google Maps (few)."Mentions Justdial volume.Manipulation Detection. A massive disparity usually implies the owner is gaming one platform or the customer base is non-digital (calling via Justdial).Case B: Jay Garud Gas Station (DO2)Data PointIn Raw Text (DO2.txt)In PDF DashboardWhy It Matters (The "So What?")Litigation SpecificsNames "Jasmeet Kaur vs. Jay Garud" and "Short-fueling allegations."Generic "Consumer court litigations"Due Diligence. "Litigation" is vague. "Short-fueling" is a specific operational crime. The dashboard effectively hid the nature of the crime.Environmental Nuance"Orange Category" triggered by "Washing Activity" (Effluent discharge).Mentions "Orange Category"Compliance Cost. "Orange" sounds like a label. Knowing it's because of washing tells you specifically that the Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP) is the failure point to watch.Managerial TracePhone number linked to "Atmaram Sharma" (Manager).MISSINGContinuity. Identifying the actual operator vs. the paper owner (Jasbir Singh) is critical for takeover talks.Case C: Jai Shree Ganesh (DO3)Data PointIn Raw Text (DO3.txt)In PDF DashboardWhy It Matters (The "So What?")The "Wedding" EconomySpecific impact of "Carnival Pearl Grand" & "Wedding Season (Oct-Feb)."Generic "Wedding Venues"Revenue Forecasting. You can't predict sales without knowing the seasonality. The text gave the exact months (Oct-Feb); the PDF lost the timeline.The "Oxygen" AnomalyData source mentioned "Oxygen Filling Services" (likely a data error).MISSINGData Integrity. The AI "cleaned" this up because it looked weird. But a dashboard should show anomalies so a human can investigate.Competitor Precision"Nem Chand Tara Chand" is exactly 530 meters away.Shows "Nem Chand"Tactical Threat. "Nearby" is useless. "530 meters" means they are visually competing for the same truck driver's attention.2. The Solution: "Rich-Text" Extraction SchemasTo fix this, you need to stop asking for summaries (z.string()) and start asking for structured evidence (z.object()).Update your Zod Schemas in your Next.js app to force the AI to capture the Evidence, the Context, and the "So What?"A. The "Litigation" Upgrade (Fixing Jay Garud)Don't just ask "Is there litigation?". Ask for the Case File.TypeScript// OLD:
litigationRisk: z.string().describe("Summary of legal issues"),

// NEW (Robust):
litigationProfile: z.object({
  riskLevel: z.enum(['None', 'Low', 'High', 'Critical']),
  specificCases: z.array(z.object({
    plaintiff: z.string().describe("Who sued? e.g., 'Jasmeet Kaur'"),
    allegation: z.string().describe("What was the claim? e.g., 'Short-fueling', 'Adulteration'"),
    status: z.string().optional().describe("Outcome if known"),
    sourceQuote: z.string().describe("The exact sentence from the text proving this"),
  })),
}),
B. The "Strategic Anomaly" Upgrade (Fixing Sher & Jai Shree Ganesh)Force the AI to find "Weird Data" instead of cleaning it.TypeScript// NEW Schema Field:
dataAnomalies: z.array(z.object({
  dataPoint: z.string().describe("The strange data e.g., 'Oxygen Filling', 'Justdial Disparity'"),
  implication: z.string().describe("Why is this weird? e.g., 'Likely database error', 'Suspicious review farming'"),
  confidence: z.enum(['High', 'Low']),
})),
C. The "Seasonality & Drivers" Upgrade (Fixing the Wedding Belt)Capture the Time and Cause.TypeScript// NEW Schema Field:
demandDrivers: z.array(z.object({
  driver: z.string().describe("The cause e.g., 'Wedding Season', 'School Runs'"),
  peakMonths: z.array(z.string()).describe("Specific months e.g., ['Oct', 'Nov', 'Dec']"),
  impactType: z.enum(['Volume Spike', 'Traffic Jam', 'Shift to Diesel']),
})),
3. User Flow for "Generalizing" ThisTo make this robust for any file (not just these three), update your Next.js workflow:The "Raw Text" View (Debug Mode):In your dashboard, add a "Source Data" tab.When the AI extracts "Consumer Court Litigation," make it clickable.Clicking it highlights the exact sentence in DO2.txt where "Jasmeet Kaur" appears. This builds trust.The "Unknown" Fallback:If a field (like "Manager Name") is missing in the text, force the schema to return null, not a hallucination.UI Update: Render a specific "Missing Intel" card.Example: "⚠️ Manager Name not found. Recommended Action: Call station to verify management structure."Dynamic "Bento" Sizing:If litigationProfile.specificCases.length > 0, the Risk Widget should automatically expand to take up 2x2 grid space (turning red).If litigationProfile is empty, the widget shrinks to 1x1 (green).This makes the dashboard react to the severity of the data, rather than just filling a template.Summary Next Step:Update your actions/extract.ts file to use the Nested Object Schemas above. Re-run DO2.txt (Jay Garud) through the new schema. You will immediately see "Jasmeet Kaur" and "Short-fueling" appear in your JSON, solving the generalization problem.

2. i am its fine that everything is been sent through the llm whenever the demo pages are rendered, but can caching be implemented or something? i dont know i mean i am paying for all these api calls just being a little on the safe side, maybe caching and saving a template locally or something will make this work for demos and for acual tests or someting.

3. you forgot to use python -m nawgati run for running the project so both the backend and frontend works simultaneously, make sure this works nicely please.

4. the dashboard can get better from the ui point of view. i have attached screenshots, please look into it and i know you cna improve it. also data is to be shown not to be hidden in small texts, embrace the usage of showing data better and nicely, this should be a dashboard which i can view and understand, i am up for reading but ui can be better for that i belive, maybe more cards and more layouts with minute details and stuff cna help. also make a section of leftover, where all the information that could not fit in the dashboard current cards can be shown inside of it if it is worth it or something.

would also appreicate token saving approach and minimizing calls and stuff by using libraries like langcahin to maek agent based calls to work with these so things work better in unisona nd better outcomes and performances come out of it. yeah but i would encourage for you to read the real report files, all 3 of them and also like understand from it's perspective how data is important for me, all kinds of data too and rich data and stuff like that.

3. i would like for a chatbox thingy on the page of the profile dashbaord of the specific fuel station, in which in agentic manner through langcahin i can talk with the data using naturallanguage, and it replies me right there and stuff and keeps a session history or something for that session based on the cookie for the dashbaord page and things like that please, also do give it the power of web based on langchaina nd gemini tools and stuff